# Positivity-Box
Proof of concept for an app that sends on demand encouragements that have been submitted by friends.

Positivity Box is an app idea, which we have built the proof of concept for this project. In the app, the user will have their own profile, and be able to add friends the same way that you would on Instagram or Snapchat. Each user profile will have one box (a textbox) which can be viewed and edited by their friends. The user’s friends will be able to write nice, positive, uplifting and/or motivating comments to their friends. These comments will store in the user’s box, and the user can pull out one comment at a time whenever they need motivation, positive reinforcement, or just for fun. Once retrieved from the box, the comments will store in a sort of “archive” so that the user can access the comments they have pulled from their box, but they cannot be “pulled” again. If a user’s box is empty, then the application will notify the user’s friends so that they can submit more comments, so your positivity box can always be full!

For this project, we have created a simple version of the app for a proof of concept. We created a survey (pnigelbrown.com/CIS61) where anyone (group members, classmates, friends) can submit comments. The comments submitted into the textbox can be directly accessed with the code using the website’s API. The code creates an indexed list, with each comment submitted and the date it was submitted. When the code runs, a button is created. When the user presses the button, the code iterates through the dictionary and retrieves a comment (or quote) and outputs a motivational quote or positive comment to the user.
